hello I'm current training with thai
kitchen and simply asia today i'm going
to share two ways to prepare singapore
noodles a popular asian street food that
features rice noodles and curry powder
let's start with Singapore noodles using
Thai kitchens thin rice noodles which
are gluten free and vegan to cook
perfect rice noodles bring water to a
boil in a pot remove it from the heat
and then soak the noodles for three
minutes before draining next mix the
shrimp with curry powder and a little
bit of rice vinegar stir and set it
aside meanwhile heat the chilies and
garlic in a skillet add your shrimp and
cook on till king once the shrimp is
done remove it from the skillet and then
stir fry your vegetables we've already
combined them here so next we're going
to add our noodles and scrambled extra
to stir fry and now we're making our
sauce so now we're going to make our
sauce we have some curry powder white
pepper oyster sauce and soy sauce and
we've already combined them here and now
we're going to add them to our rice
noodles and now we're just stirring
these to combine the ingredients fully
once that's complete you have a
delicious asian street style noodle if
you're short on time simply asia
singapore street noodles are a great
option for a quick gluten free lunch
after school snack or a weeknight meal
i'm making the classic curry variety
with creamy coconut milk turmeric cumin
and chiles to start just makes the
precooked rice noodles with the
vegetable packet the curry sauce and
some water
what's really nice about this dish is
that it features premium precook thin
rice noodles that you cover loosely with
a lid and microwave and then you stir
and enjoy that's it two easy ways to
bring a popular asian street food to
your kitchen visit thai kitchen calm for
these recipes and more and look for thai
kitchen and simply asia products at your
local grocer